the villarreal with an advantage in the
knockout round of sixteenth
of the cup of his majesty the king after
to beat in the Ramón de Carranza
cadiz in a match that changed his
decoration with the passage of minutes
substitutes in the team of marcelino
García Toral also changes in the
team of claudio barragán in the second
technician's match in the 'cup of
silver 'a villarreal that showed faces
new as the presence of rukavina the
golden couple and Israel 'in the
center of defense and men like
espinoza as gerard moreno or as anna
güell as men in attack and get
Moreno was going to be the author of the first
both of the party practically the
first danger action of the equipment of the
castellón de la plana with that ball that
He fought one canterano as Jose orange and
that he had his chance in the first
team in this tie copera the
pass to get dark and the both
soccer player
from the villarreal to do the 0 1
practically at 17 minutes of
party be quickly and then that
ball stolen by jonathan dos saints and
the play from 0 to 2 will arrive the touch
of filling in brown appears nahuel and the
Argentine takes advantage to do 0 to 24
minutes later 0 to 2 before the look
by ricky alonso the Asturian goalkeeper
that he could not do anything in
neither of the two actions in any
of the two opportunities before a
villarreal that was put ahead with
that 0 to 2 comfortably in a
first practical part in a first
effective time and where he dominated the
team of marcelino garcía toral without
the cadiz
even reached the goal of Juan
Carlos was going to do it right away
the second part with this action of
strategy that arregui was going to take advantage of
in the second suit with that ball that
He walked around the front of the small area
to do the 1-2
began the second part with a cadiz
much more intense more into the
match with one more speed with a
villarreal a little clueless and with that
bad fortune because she was pinging it
it was practically all in the
aerial game but put the head rukavina
the ball goes around and I grabbed the center
on the 12th the game was going to
complicate at times the villarreal
because I was going to tempt him with
that shot with that zurdazo that juan
Carlos was going to avoid
2 to 2 using ball to corner
five intense minutes five minutes
so that the head and get into the
party so that in bottle it's
villarreal that could not be removed that
dominion over but the game was going
to complicate with the direct red card
adrián marín the young lateral of the
villarreal was going to make that entrance
completely out of phase the red cardboard
direct for a ball where it
I was trying to anticipate
to kike lopez but that was worn by
in front hitting both legs
hard entry with that red cardboard
that will prevent him from playing the round
and in the end is sanctioned with a
match as it seems that it can be
golden opportunity the exit of juan
Carlos went ahead to Israel
port but airam head drops the
ball and can not direct that ball
between the three suits in this action
in addition he was going to injure israel port
the blow to the head with the elbow of
his teammate's goalkeeper was going to
cause that he could not return to
field and with nine was going to finish the
villarreal locked in his field
planting two lines of four in the
playing field and going through difficulties
because the last 20 minutes of the match
they were siege siege siege
Cádiz, thus centering balls
second suit with opportunities
feeling of danger and with that
launching of juanma espinoza as a
of the best options to try
look for a 2 tie that would have left
more open the tie now the
back and that play from the madrigal with
that 1 to 2 there we see the moment in which
israel port stayed on the dock
but could not continue tried to return
as soon as possible at the end the villarreal
he stayed with nine players in the field
clear as this ball that did not reach him
fran machado and that juan carlos sacco
almost miraculously balloon
complicated and that shot with the with the
lovely cut of juanma espinoza
I put Juan Carlos in trouble again
because that ball bounced
and was about to become the 2
to 2 at the end 1 to 2 for the villarreal
advantage for marcelino's team
García Toral that turns around in the
madrigal the villarreal won in the ramón
of carranza but suffered in the cup of
silver